Hi Hi this time I bought the Masked Rider Samurai Kit Sengoku driver
And wonder if it was about this hit 300 yen
The content is eight most accommodative Saber with accompaniment before and after the driver
Or rather to have entered since the third is on but there is also a Saiane
There is a kind
This is a mini lock seed is amazing even with also two this time at the top of the Sengoku driver Te
Ne
Speaking of the warringness degree of the person of Kachakacha who went before or 8
Sengoku driver is like this This is a loan of
while if a
It is a former country driver of what Varha shop, but this is
Usual
Orange Toa
But there is also power
Is this the war is very driver of the sister Russia
Ny
Behind
Love high 6
Surely around 9 drivers
Attraction cathedral set
Makeover and cut
If you can be a baron
Pana
If you put it
It doesn't change here
To here not change
Also it was thought Thats I made to this
Have or not
Then I would like to open the hut I'll assemble a part
I'm a guy who is standing in a panic for one week
To this news
Yes always call a
Ne
In the inside is written Erika skillful or different
eh
Yes, you will be out the money
That's what I mean
Wow I was a dog and this is a rock shell
First 1 comment 8
Is this the body of the driver
After this I have a belt for a while
If you are a super-student or something you want to have
I'm nervous
Yes
It is an anti
Ah
Wow and samurai
Now
Please tell me the sticker and put some more favorite ones .
I think I want to do it
According to the explanation, the seal is
By do is written you please put before assembling
Hmm
I took out the book between homes
I would like to have in front of the stop was
This is a study
Standing
Hmm
eh